if we look at different indicators we
can get a good picture of what's coming
in this case we look to the past 30
years analyze the data and fit the
puzzle pieces together hang on this
could be a bumpy ride you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
today we are going to look at this issue
plus I want to get into Venezuela let's
begin right here we are looking at the
Russell 2000 so we're getting a broad
sense of the stock market here more so
than just one individual market and what
you can see is that for the past 30
years we have
seen
seasonally a decline we are talking
about from July to October we tend to
see a period of
weakness and potential declines that's
just going back 30 years this does not
declare that there will be a crash but
all the market needs right now is that
sense of weakness and I believe it could
trigger that domino
effect but let me show you more of the
details
here as you look to this the Russell
2000 declined than 17 of 30 cases in the
seasonally week period so if you're
looking at this chart right now what you
will notice is what they point out here
but essentially that you have three
moments in which there were major
declines we're talking
25% or
more on the
markets and that occurred during this
time frame you also note that the
declines are more significant than the
positives I mean you look at it the the
growth here or the gains here would be
potentially very small whereas the
downside potential seems to be very high
that's what I'm noting noting from these
uh pieces of information what you can
see with this is that we may have some
issues to deal with in the coming months
many people do predict generally that
October is a weak time September is a
week time there's always sort of a
potential catastrophe that occurs around
that time just because there is
ultimately some weakness that occurs in
that time frame I don't know what's
going to happen but all I look for now
is simply a trigger and that is a spark
that is something that could happen and
it may seem like it was nothing but all
of a sudden you have another Leman
Brothers you have another be Bear Sterns
you have another AIG Fiasco and
everything everything else who knows but
I do know that these markets are weak
they're being supported by the central
bankers and all we need to see is one
thing to set this
off as you can see the color red clearly
predominates not only did losses occur
more frequently on average they also
tend to be larger than the gains in
other words short positions not only had
a greater average win rate than long
positions they also delivered higher
average profits now I want to get into
something here because a lot of people
come on to this channel I see them in
the
comments and that's quite unfortunate
many people have shorted the
market this is something that you really
need to know what you're doing you need
to be aware of the potential downsides
to that if there are easy monetary
policies the stock market can continue
upward and what that means is that the
dollars the currency which it's being
measured in is being devalued that's the
way it works central banks print up the
money and they send the stock market
higher this is a way to increase profits
for these quasi government semi-private
institutions known as central banks and
you as an
individual you may not know when they
will stop or
you know allow this crash to occur we
don't know we can guess we can look at
the indicators we can take a guess but
ultimately we really don't
know so those who have shorted the
market I don't advise that in fact I
don't in I don't advise investing in the
Market at all at this time I think it's
too risky that's my personal
opinion you can do what you want many
people have quote unquote made money
they haven't realized any of of their
gains but they have somehow made money
and if so by all means do so I wish you
all the best and I'm not being sarcastic
I really do I just do not advise
investing either shorting or buying you
need to do that on your own
time I just want to absolve myself of
that paper my opinion too risky right
now
the United States does not rule out
Switching gears by the way does not rule
out bwing Imports of Venezuela
oil when taking action to address the
situation in the
country Maduro right now is engaged in
somewhat of a Civil
War and we can see that people are fed
up they're tired they are
starving and and they're dealing with a
leader who has two factions it's clear
you have some of those that approve of
him approve of the government they want
Chavez back ultimately and then you have
on the other side where people are just
saying out with the government we need
something better they want him out
whatever comes happens now I think that
this could give rise to something even
worse but we'll see where it goes I
don't think right now the trajectory is
basically into a grave so I don't think
this is a good thing what's happening I
don't know what's going to come of all
of this but if the US bars Venezuela
it's going to be a big detriment unless
a country like China steps in and says
all right well if they're not going to
buy it we will so I think we need to
look for that as well keep an eye on
what China
does this is key because you're looking
at the Imports over the years they have
declined naturally they have been
declining and that's not a result of
what we had seen recently we're noting
the fact that for the last let's say 20
years the US has been importing less and
less and less from Venezuela so if these
do drop off I think it does present the
big problem right now at this time when
they need to sell every bit of oil that
they bring up from the ground this will
hurt them and that's the point that's
what they're trying to do a nationwide
strike brought parts of Venezuela to Hal
Thursday as the opposition ramped up as
challenge the Muro that has already seen
four months of deadly Street protests
and threats of US economic s sanctions
so more people dying the death total is
approximately at
99 I don't know what will happen I think
that there could be outside intervention
military intervention as related to a
humanitarian effort so they can get the
NATO troops in there un troops in there
and uh flip this place upside down they
can knock out the dictator in power put
a puppet in
and we'll see I'll leave it at that you
know what I've talked about with
Venezuela there is going to be more
Mayhem because of the strike there's
going to be more people getting injured
and dying and it isn't good for the
people the citizens of Venezuela who are
being hurt by this and last but not
least I just thought this was you know
something important to share developers
plan to demolish a historic no rraam
Church in Worchester erect a four story
luxury apartment building and you can
see that this is something that happens
in probably your city as well we see
this in Toronto all the time where these
old buildings that maybe they need a
little bit of refurbishment But
ultimately they are historic buildings
they will build a condo right on top and
that's sad for some and and good for
others who are making money off of it
the capitalists will say that it's a
good idea and those individuals who are
let's call them preservationists will
say we can't do
that whatever side you're on I just see
the fact
that there's always money to be made by
somebody and you can get around any
rules you want the way it works in
Toronto is you have this or Ontario in
fact Ontario Municipal board board
whereby if you want to build a let's say
50 Story Tower the public says no you
appeal to the Ontario Municipal board
and they approve it and so that's the
way it works you take these
neighborhoods which can support the
amount of people that they have already
streets aren't enough the the sidewalks
are too small uh there's too much
traffic and then you want to build let's
say 12 new new condo Towers each at
approximately 30 to 50 stories and then
you want to expect that somehow the
infrastructure can keep up it won't
that's why you have terrible congestion
and that is a true true fact going on in
Toronto and I'm sure it's going on in
the cities that you live in as well so
that's all I wanted to say for this
video if you found it informative please
give me a thumbs up and last but not
least if you found this video
informative
I know you'll find my books the money
GPS and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative so what
you can do if you want to look through
them there's a link in the description
below that will take you over to Amazon
where you can flip through the pages for
yourself take care